# User Agreement

 _This User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) is concluded between the Limited Liability Company "Modern Communications" - the Owner of the Rulet TV service rulet.tv (hereinafter referred to as the Service) and the User authorized in the Service, who meets the requirements provided for in this Agreement.
The Agreement contains an offer to grant the right of limited use of the Service by means of remote access to the Service via the Internet. The document defines the general conditions of access and use of the Service, issues of interaction between the User and the Service Owner, their mutual rights, obligations and guarantees, as well as liability issues.
The Agreement means the text of this Agreement itself, as well as all appendices to it, which are its integral parts, including the Rules of User Conduct and others. When referring to the "Agreement" in the text, it means, among other things, all appendices to it, which are its integral parts._

## 1. General Provisions
1. This Agreement replaces all previous agreements between the Service Owner and users, regardless of the form of existence of these agreements, and applies to both new and current users of the Service without any exceptions.
2. By accepting this Agreement, the User agrees that the use of individual additional functional capabilities of the Service is carried out on a paid basis; in this part, the Agreement is a paid license agreement.
3. Acceptance of the offer and unconditional acceptance of all the terms of this Agreement is considered the authorization of a new User in the Service through the user's account in Google or VK.
4. Before performing authorization actions, the User undertakes to familiarize himself with the terms of this Agreement and assumes all risks arising from failure to comply with this requirement.
From the moment of authorization of the User in the Service, all provisions of this Agreement become mandatory for him and are subject to unconditional execution. In case of disagreement with the provisions of the Agreement, the User is obliged to refrain from authorization in the Service.
5. The Service Owner has the right to unilaterally change the rules and conditions of the User Agreement without prior notice to the User, while monitoring these changes and referring to the current version of the Agreement is the responsibility of the User. The User's continued actions to access and use the functions of the Service after the date of publication of the amended text of the User Agreement means the User's consent to the new version or new text of the User Agreement. The current version of the User Agreement can be found at the link https://rulet.tv
6. The permitted territory for using the Service is the Russian Federation, as well as other territories where the Service is accessible using computer devices, programs and means.
7. The permitted method of using the Service is the use by Users of the Service functionality for its intended purpose for their own needs in accordance with the intended functionality of the Service and this Agreement (including all its parts, including the Rules of Conduct). Users and/or any third parties are not allowed in any case to modify, adapt, break protection, copy code, create similar or derivative software and web applications or use the Service in any other way, except as expressly permitted by this clause.
8. The permitted period of use of the Service is the entire period from the moment of registration of the User until the moment the User stops using the Service. At the same time, in the event of restriction or termination of the User's right to use the Service by the Service Owner as a result of violations of the terms of use, the period of use is accordingly terminated.
9. The right to use the main functionality of the Service is provided free of charge. The right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service is provided on a fee basis, the relevant conditions and information are contained in this Agreement and/or directly on the Service.
10. Unless otherwise provided by this Agreement, other conditions of use (except for the availability and amount of payment for the right to use) of additional functional capabilities of the Service are identical to the conditions of use of the main functionality of the Service.

## 2. Basic Concepts
For the purposes of this Agreement, the concepts contained herein are used in the following senses.

1. Web service Rulet TV rulet.tv (Service) – a computer program accessible through the website https://rulet.tv, as well as all levels of the specified domain, which is a set of data and commands presented in an objective form, intended for communication with interlocutors in real time in the format of video and text chats.
User access to the Service is provided remotely by authorization of the User.
2. Owner of the Service – Limited Liability Company "Modern Communications" acting in the status of the Contractor and Copyright Holder under this Agreement, which has the exclusive right to the Service and at its own discretion determines the procedure for its use.
3. User of the Service – an individual with full legal capacity, authorized on the Service website, and using/able to use the Service in accordance with the terms of this agreement. User access to the Service is provided remotely by authorizing the user on the website https://rulet.tv
4. Parties – collectively referred to as the Service Owner and the User.
5. Data processing – any action (operation) or set of actions (operations) with data, including collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (updating, modification), extraction, use, transfer (provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, deletion, destruction.
6. The meaning of other individual terms, concepts and designations used in this Agreement and having a special meaning may also be disclosed in other sections of the text of the Agreement.

## 3. Subject of the Agreement and Main Terms
1. This Agreement defines the rules for using the Rulet TV service rulet.tv (hereinafter referred to as the Service) and contains the terms for granting a limited right to use the Service by means of remote access to the Service via the Internet, as well as granting, on a paid basis, the right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service.
The User undertakes to comply with the rules for access to and use of the Service specified in this Agreement. At the same time, the User undertakes to pay (in the cases provided) a fee to the Service Owner for using additional functional capabilities of the Service on the terms and in the manner established in this Agreement. The specific list, volume, terms and cost of using additional functional capabilities of the Service are determined by this Agreement and/or the Service.
2. The main functional characteristics of the Service provide such capabilities as a random search for interlocutors for communication via the Service, as well as communication of users via the functionality of the Service in video and text formats in real time.
3. By concluding this Agreement, the User expresses his/her consent to the processing by the Service Owner of his/her personal data provided during authorization and during the use of the Service.
4. The User's access to the Service is provided on an "as is" basis, without any explicit or implied guarantees, in quality and volume and taking into account the currently existing functional capabilities of the Service. The Service Owner does not guarantee the achievement of any specific result through the use of the Service, the suitability of the Service for the purposes of the User's activities, or the compatibility of the Service with the User's software and hardware. The Service Owner does not provide technical support, does not connect remotely to the User's devices, including for the purpose of checking/monitoring/repairing them, does not install or assist in the installation of any drivers on computers, computer programs such as OBS or any other computer programs. The Service Owner does not conduct any training on how to work on the Service, including does not consult Users on how to conduct broadcasts/streams and on any other issues of using the Service for the specific purposes of the User.
5. The Service Owner does not guarantee that the Service will meet the User's expectations and requirements, will work continuously, quickly and without errors, and that the results obtained using the Service will be reliable and accurate and can be used to establish or confirm any facts. The Service Owner does not guarantee the correct operation of the Service on devices with technical characteristics below a certain level (a processor of at least Intel (R) Core (TM) i3 CPU, RAM of at least 8 GB), as well as on any devices running on Android OS and released before 2022 or with an Android version before 2022. In addition, the Service Owner does not guarantee the absence of any blocking in relation to the Service, including is not responsible for blocking by providers by IP addresses. At the same time, even if the specified conditions are met, errors and failures in the operation of the Service are possible. 
6. Access to the Service is provided around the clock and includes the following actions that the User has the right to perform without payment when using the main functionality of the Service:
- User access to his account in the Service and the User's data stored on its resources;
- User access to the ability to independently configure an account in the Service based on the parameters determined by the Service Owner;
- random search for interlocutors and communication between users through the functionality of the Service;
The Service Owner has the right to change the functionality and appearance of the Service without notifying the User.
7. The use of individual additional functional capabilities of the Service is carried out on a paid basis. The right to use these additional capabilities (functions) of the Service is granted within the framework of providing a paid license to the User. The amount and terms of payment of such fee (license remuneration) are determined by the Service Owner and depend, among other things, on the volume of the Service resources necessary to provide additional functional capabilities. The specified conditions are contained in this Agreement and/or in the relevant sections of the Service. By acquiring the right to use any additional functional capability of the Service on a paid basis, the User confirms that he/she has familiarized himself/herself with the relevant information on the cost and terms of granting such right to use and, in case of doubt, could exercise the right to receive clarification from the Service Owner.
7.1. The right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service on a paid basis is granted with payment exclusively in Russian rubles. No virtual currencies or other similar entities and assets are used on the Service. The Service may use the designation "Rutens" to denote a certain amount of money (Russian rubles), and the parties confirm that this designation has been introduced on the Service solely for entertainment purposes to create the internal atmosphere of the Service and that Rutens may under no circumstances be regarded as a means of payment or any asset, this designation is solely a technical way of indicating the amount of Russian rubles (however, the amount of rubles and the amount of Rutens are not necessarily identical, the procedure for calculating the amount of Rutens is displayed on the Service). Transfer of Rutens between Users is prohibited. The Service Owner has the right to set limits on both the maximum and minimum amount of a one-time deposit by the User to pay for the paid functions of the Service. The specified limitation may be set both in relation to all purchase methods and in relation to each individual method.
7.1.1. The procedure for depositing funds into the User's account on the Service is determined and indicated on the corresponding page of the Service. The list of methods available for payment is also provided in the corresponding sections of the Service. The amount of Rutens and the procedure for calculating it are also displayed in the corresponding sections of the Service. 7.1.2. When paying for the right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service, the User undertakes to follow the payment instructions on the procedure and methods of payment. The Service Owner shall not be liable for the correct fulfillment of the terms of payment by the User. For questions regarding the rules and procedure for using payment systems to make a payment, the User should contact the holders of such payment systems or payment operators/aggregators. The Service Owner shall not provide the User with explanations on issues related to the rules and procedure for using such payment systems, and shall not reimburse the User for funds paid to acquire the rights to use additional functional capabilities through payment systems, operators, payment aggregators, if such payments were made in violation of the rules established by such persons, as a result of which the funds were not received by the Service Owner.
7.1.3. The User guarantees to the Service Owner that he has the right to use the means chosen by him to pay for the cost of the rights to use additional functional capabilities of the Service, without violating the legislation of the Russian Federation and the rights of third parties. The Service Owner shall not be liable for additional fees charged by payment method operators and possible damage to the User and/or third parties caused as a result of the User using payment methods that do not belong to him.
7.2. The Service Owner provides Users with the following types of additional functional capabilities of the Service, the right to use which is acquired on a paid basis:
7.2.1. Providing the User with the ability to make additional personal settings for the User account within the Premium subscription for the period and on the terms specified on the Service Owner's website (hereinafter referred to as the Premium Subscription), as well as providing the User with the ability to gift a Premium Subscription to another User;
7.2.2. Providing the User with the ability to use additional functionality of the Service by purchasing "virtual effects". Specific virtual effects and the cost of their acquisition are indicated directly on the Service.
7.2.3. Providing the User with the ability to use additional functionality of the Service in the form of access to special segments of the Service - "virtual rooms" for playing online analogues of board games. Specific conditions for access to such "virtual rooms" are defined in the relevant section of the Service. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties confirm that any bets, lotteries, gambling or other games and activities that are restricted/prohibited by the legislation of the Russian Federation are strictly prohibited on the Service. If the game allows you to place bets for entertainment purposes using the Rating, this option is purely entertaining in nature and in no case is one of the above activities, these game points in any form (including in the form of the Rating) are an entertainment option and cannot be exchanged back for cash.
7.2.4. Providing the User with the opportunity to purchase the Rating on a paid basis (for Rutens). The Rating is understood as a conventional designation of a certain number of activity points on the Service, for the graphic designation of the Rating on the Service, the "star" icons of a golden shade of various designs are used. The Rating may be gifted by one User to another User for entertainment purposes, while the reverse conversion of the Rating into cash or Ruthenium is not carried out, the acquisition of Rating points in itself is already the implementation of the right to use this additional functionality.
7.2.5. Providing the User with the ability to use Masks (a Mask is understood to be a Service option that allows one User who has used this option to create a short-term visual effect over the image of another User for entertainment purposes, specific types of effects are specified in the relevant section of the Service) lasting 60 seconds in relation to other Users, while such a User, in relation to whom the Mask is applied, can, in cases determined by the Service, receive game "compensation" in the form of Rating points (in particular, for a single use of the Mask, the User is awarded 1 Rating point (one "star")). Further, such User can use the accumulated (or purchased) Rating points to apply these options to other Users, who in turn can also receive such game "compensation" in certain cases determined by the Service. For the avoidance of doubt, by agreeing to the terms of this Agreement, each User confirms that they agree with the terms of application of these options, understand their game/entertainment nature and do not consider them unethical/discriminatory/offensive and understands that the application of these options is provided for by the rules of the Service and cannot be the basis for filing complaints against other Users.
7.2.6. Other additional functional capabilities of the Service, the right to use which is granted by the Service Owner upon agreement with the User (including may be provided for by special sections of the Service not described in this Agreement), for a separate fee.
7.3. The connection of paid functions of the Service, as well as their subsequent management, is carried out by the User independently through the account settings in the Service by replenishing the personal account. In this case, a positive balance of the personal account in the Service and the availability of funds on it necessary for payment in the required amount is a mandatory condition for using the paid functions of the Service.
7.3. 1. The Service Owner has the right to refuse the User the right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service if the Service Owner suspects that the provision of such rights of use may entail a violation of this Agreement, the rules of the Service, the interests of any persons or the legislation of the Russian Federation. In such a case, the Service Owner does not have to prove the validity of such suspicion.
7.4. In the event that as a result of a technical error or failure of the Service or any of its elements, or the deliberate actions of the User, he/she has gained access to paid additional functional capabilities of the Service without acquiring the right to use them in the manner established by this Agreement, the User undertakes to notify the Service Owner of this fact and pay him/her the cost of the right to use the additional functional capabilities of the Service, or eliminate the consequences of obtaining such access. In the event of the User's refusal, the Service Owner has the right to independently and unilaterally return the User's page to the position that existed before the illegal access to paid additional functional capabilities of the Service.
7.5. To avoid doubt, the parties confirm that the license fee is paid for the fact of granting the right to use the additional functional capabilities of the Service and such right of use is considered granted from the moment the User is actually provided with the opportunity to use this additional opportunity (function) of the Service, regardless of whether the User actually used it or not. of the Service. From the moment the User receives the opportunity to use an additional feature (function) of the Service, the right of use is considered to be granted in full and the license fee is not subject to return.
Thus:
- for the additional functionality "Premium subscription", the right to use is considered granted from the moment the User is actually granted the corresponding status on the Service;
- for the additional functionality "virtual gifts", the right to use is considered granted from the moment the User is actually granted the opportunity to select a random set of pre-determined additional options for using the Service;
- for the additional functionality associated with the ability to use the additional functionality of the Service in the form of access to special segments of the Service - "virtual rooms" - the right to use is considered granted from the moment the User is actually granted access to such a "virtual room";
- for the additional functionality of purchasing a Rating - the right to use is considered granted from the moment the corresponding Rating is displayed in the User's account on the Service;
- for other additional functionality - the right to use is considered granted from the moment the User is actually granted the opportunity to use this additional option (function) of the Service.
From the moment the right to use additional functionality is granted, no refunds are made.
7.6. The procedure for refunding funds paid for the right to use additional functional capabilities of the Service is provided for in terms of funds personally contributed by the User, if at the time of receiving the return application the right to use has not yet been granted. Funds received from other Users and bonuses from the Service Owner cannot be transferred to the User's accounts in payment systems or paid in cash.
To refund funds, the User must send an Application to the email address help@rulet.tv indicating their registration data, passport data, payment details, with copies of documents confirming the payment, and clearly state the desire to refund funds, as well as attach the User's bank details for the refund.
Within five working days, the Application is reviewed by the Service Owner, and the User is refunded or given a reasoned refusal.

8. The Service Owner shall grant access to the Service subject to the following conditions in aggregate:
- the User shall grant access to the microphone of the device from which the service is accessed;
- the User shall grant access to the camera of the device from which the service is accessed;
- the User's technical devices and the User's Internet connection speed shall comply with the requirements necessary for the normal operation of the Service (including those specified in this Agreement).

9. The Service Owner does not initiate or control in real time the placement of any information by the User when using the Service, does not affect its distribution, content and integrity. The User is fully responsible for the compliance of the User's information with the provisions of the law, as well as this Agreement, while the Service Owner has the right to monitor and verify any information and apply to the User the measures provided for in this Agreement. 
10. The User has the right to use the Service only in accordance with the purposes compatible with the functional purpose of the Service. The User has no right to transfer to third parties the rights belonging to him in accordance with this Agreement.
11. When processing personal data, the Service Owner is guided by the provisions of the approved Policy regarding the processing of personal data, published at the link https://rulet.tv The User confirms that he/she has read the said Policy and undertakes to take into account its provisions when working with the Service.

## 4 Rules for User Access to the Service#
1. User access to the Service is possible subject to authorization in the Service system on the Service page https://rulet.tv User authorization is free and voluntary.
2. When authorizing in the Service, the User undertakes to provide the Service Owner with the necessary reliable, complete and up-to-date information about himself.
3. User authorization in the Service is carried out without prior moderation by the Service Owner, who does not check the reliability, relevance and correctness of the information provided by the User, as well as the fact that the information provided complies with the law, the absence of violations of the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of third parties.
4. The information provided during the authorization process may be changed upon a written request from the User to the Service Owner only in the event of technical errors. In support of his request, the User is obliged to attach documents confirming the error (changes) made.
5. The Service Owner reserves the right to address the User with a request to confirm the information provided by the User during authorization. Refusal to provide such information or failure to receive a response may be equated to providing false information and may result in the application of measures to suspend the User's use of the Service until the circumstances are clarified.
6. Upon completion of the User's authorization in the Service, he/she is granted access to the account.
7. After authorization in the Service, the User independently, without prior moderation by the Service Owner, edits the account settings and fills in the information.

## 5. Other rights and obligations of the Parties#
1. The User has the right to access and use the Service under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement.
2. The Service Owner is obliged to comply with the obligations arising from this Agreement, take measures to eliminate errors and malfunctions in the Service as soon as possible.
3. The Service Owner has the right to:
- involve third parties to maintain the Service without the User's consent;
- carry out the necessary preventive maintenance and refinement of the Service without the User's consent;
- provide the User with technical support on issues related to the use of the Service;
- monitor the use of the Service, perform actions to search for vulnerabilities in its operation, collect statistical information about the Service;
- publish information about the fact of the User's use of the Service;
- unilaterally change the rules for access to and use of the Service;
- delete the account of the User violating the provisions of this Agreement, as well as apply other measures provided for by the Agreement without explanation;
- temporarily or indefinitely restrict (block) the User's account with the possibility of unblocking only at the discretion of the Service Owner or without such possibility;
- carry out at any time and without notice to the User verification of the information posted by the User in the Service and application of measures based on the results of such verification, including (but not limited to) blocking the User's account;
- refuse to post or delete any information that the User intends to post or has posted in the Service in the event of violation of the rules of this Agreement by this information;
- send the User informational messages and messages of an advertising nature; the User agrees to receive such messages;
- independently determine the forms, methods, methods, as well as the frequency of monitoring the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement by the User.
4. The User shall not have the right to:
- use the Service in any way that violates the intellectual property and other rights of the Copyright Holder and third parties;
- post in the Service and distribute through it information prohibited for distribution, information the distribution of which is restricted in accordance with Russian legislation; information that violates the rights and legitimate interests of third parties, false and misleading information; obscene materials and materials using obscene language;
- insult the Service Owner and third parties engaged by him to ensure the operation of the Service, including administrators;
- use the Service to commit offenses, crimes and other illegal activities, as well as consumer fraud and extortion, to carry out activities contrary to moral standards and public ethics;
- send advertising emails, spam messages and illegal messages to Clients through the functionality of the Service;
- post in the Service any information that does not correspond to the purposes of using the Service, as well as infringing on the interests of other Users;
- commit actions that disrupt the normal functioning of the Service and its individual functions;
- download, store, publish, distribute and otherwise use malicious computer programs when working with or through the Service;
- use the Service for the illegal processing of personal data of citizens;
- create more than one account in the Service;
- use information posted on the Service, with the exception of information the rights to which belong to the User;
- violate the Rules of User Conduct in any way;
5. The User is obliged to:
- comply with the provisions of the law and the rules of this Agreement, the terms of access to and use of the Service, as well as the requirements and recommendations of the Service Owner addressed to the User;
- comply with the Rules of User Conduct approved by the Service Owner, the rules and restrictions on communication in the Service, which are an integral part of this Agreement;
- use the Service in accordance with its purpose and to achieve legitimate goals;
- pay for the rights to use additional functionality of the Service in the manner established by the Agreement and on the Service;
- promptly notify the Service Owner of any malfunctions in its operation;
- monitor the accuracy and compliance with the law of the information posted by the User;
- provide the Service Owner with the information necessary for the execution of this Agreement, accounting and other documents for the purpose of fulfilling obligations under this Agreement;
- resolve all disputes and settle all claims and suits, orders and demands of authorized state authorities received both by the User and by the Service Owner at their own expense and in connection with the User's posting of information on the Service, and also reimburse all losses and expenses incurred by the Service Owner in connection with such claims and suits. Procedures and conditions for filing complaints and blocking a user account (blocking an account may also be referred to in this Agreement and other documentation as a "ban"):
- Violation by the User of the terms of this Agreement and (or) the Rules of Conduct entails temporary or permanent blocking of the User account (ban). A ban may be imposed on the basis of a complaint from the User or if the violation is recorded by the Service administration.
- The User can send a complaint about their interlocutor. Along with the complaint, moderators may receive a screenshot of the video interlocutor and their message (if any). Moderators check each complaint for a possible violation and decide whether it requires a ban on the interlocutor in the Service. Moderators monitor user complaints 24/7, including weekends and holidays. The complaint history is not stored by the Service Owner and is deleted after the block is lifted.
- Our system automatically blocks any user who receives multiple complaints in a short period of time, including for the purpose of investigating the reasons for the complaints. This helps to identify violations that are difficult to detect in other ways. The system takes into account many factors that exclude accidental or unfounded bans, however, the Service Owner is not responsible for such bans.
- By using the Service, the User confirms that they accept the terms of filing complaints. The User confirms that they understand and agree that other users can also send complaints about them, which may lead to an automatic ban, including if the complaints subsequently turn out to be unfounded. The User also confirms that the representative of the Service Owner (moderator) can use the site as a user to evaluate the actions of other users and apply a block in case of violation of the Agreement.
- Temporary blocking of the User's account (ban) is carried out for a period of up to 720 hours. Permanent blocking is carried out without a time limit. The decision to apply one or another type of account blocking is made by the Service Owner taking into account the assessment of the violations by the User that led to such blocking.
- The User's account blocking is removed after the expiration of the stipulated blocking periods or before the expiration of the specified periods by the decision of the Service Owner on the possible removal of the blocking.
- The User agrees that moderation and application of account blocking can be carried out, including in automatic mode using special software;
- In case of disagreement with the ban, it is necessary to write to support help@rulet.tv and ask for unblocking, writing your ID, compliance with this preliminary procedure is mandatory;
- The Service Owner shall not bear any responsibility for excessive or evaluative use of blocking of User accounts. The Service Owner shall evaluate the facts of violation of this Agreement at its own discretion. The User confirms that he/she understands that blocking may be carried out, among other things, in a preventive (warning) manner, including for conducting an investigation into the facts of complaints, or in case of suspicion of violation of this Agreement or the legislation of the Russian Federation; 
- The Service Owner may in no case bear property or other liability for the application of measures to block User accounts in accordance with this Agreement;
## 6. Legal regime of the Service User data#
1. The User independently fills in all sections of the account in the Service, entering the information necessary for full use of the Service. Maintaining the current state of such information is the area of ​​responsibility of the User.
2. The Service ensures the processing of the following types of User data:
- information necessary for the authorization of the User in the Service;
- user data processed using cookies;
- other information provided by the Service User.
3. By posting information in the Service, the User automatically grants the Service Owner the right to process such information for the purpose of fulfilling obligations under this Agreement and ensuring the operation of the Service.

## 7. Data Confidentiality Obligations#
1. The Service Owner undertakes to ensure the confidentiality, security and protection of data processed in connection with access to and use of the Service, including personal data.
2. The Service Owner undertakes to process personal data contained in the Service databases in full compliance with the requirements of Federal Law No. 152-FZ of 27.07.2006 "On Personal Data", taking all necessary legal, technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized or accidental access to them, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, provision, distribution of personal data, as well as from other illegal actions in relation to them. A specific list of measures taken is determined by the Policy on the Processing of Personal Data of the Service Owner.
3. The User undertakes to maintain the confidentiality of the account in the Service and prevent other persons from accessing this information. The User is obliged to immediately notify the Service Owner of any case of unauthorized access to the Service using the User's account. 
4. Due to this, all actions performed under the User's account are considered to be performed by the User, except for the case of unauthorized access to the account, of which the Service Owner was notified by the User. The User is responsible for the security of the means of access to the account chosen by him and ensuring their confidentiality, as well as the safe completion of work with the account in the Service.

## 8. Representations and warranties
1. Each Party relies on the representations and warranties contained in this section and acknowledges that these representations and warranties are of material importance and are valid for the entire term of the Agreement.
2. By authorizing in the Service, the User guarantees to the Service Owner the accuracy of the information provided about him/herself, as well as that the materials posted in the Service do not violate the requirements of current legislation, the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of third parties. The User guarantees that he/she has full civil capacity to enter into and execute this Agreement.
3. The User also guarantees that he/she has all rights to the information posted in the Service.
4. The User guarantees that all data uploaded to the Service account complies with the requirements of the law, including in the field of intellectual property, advertising, personal data. In addition, the User guarantees the availability of sufficient rights to the results of intellectual activity used when working in the Service and in mailings, and expresses his consent to the use by the Service Owner of such results of intellectual activity to the extent necessary for the execution of this Agreement.
5. In the event of a violation by the User of the guarantees provided in this section of the Agreement, the Service Owner has the right to independently remove data and materials from the Service that violate the law, and also, depending on the severity of the violation, restrict the User's access to the Service.
6. The Service Owner guarantees that it has exclusive rights to the Service, and that it does not violate the requirements of Russian legislation, the rights and legitimate interests of third parties.

## 9. Terms of liability and limitation of liability#
1. The Service Owner determines the rules for using the Service and is not responsible for any possible consequences of its use by the User. The Service Owner is not responsible for any losses and damages, loss of information, or other consequences that occurred as a result of the User's use or non-use of the Service as a whole or its individual functions, including due to possible errors and failures in operation.
2. Due to the fact that the Service is constantly being updated and improved, the Service Owner does not guarantee its uninterrupted and error-free operation.
3. The Service Owner is not responsible for any damage to the User's devices, equipment or software caused by the use of the Service.
4. The Parties agree that the speed and quality of delivery of electronic messages are determined by reasons beyond the control of the Parties, including the specifics of the functioning of telematic communication service providers.
5. The Service Owner does not check and does not have the technical or actual ability to check the information that the User posts in the Service for its compliance with the requirements of the law and the terms of this Agreement. The User is responsible for the content, accuracy, completeness and compliance with the law, the rights and freedoms of third parties of all information posted by the User in the Service or through the Service.
6. The User is solely responsible for all actions performed using the Service under the User's account, as well as the consequences of such actions, even in the event of the User's voluntary transfer of access to his account to third parties under any conditions. The Service Owner is not responsible for any damage caused as a result of unauthorized access to the User's account by third parties.
7. The Service Owner is not responsible for possible loss or distortion of data, as well as other similar consequences that may occur through no fault of the Service Owner, as well as in the event of the User's violation of the rules of confidentiality and safe work with the Service. 8. The Service Owner shall not be liable to the User for the results of the selection of interlocutors, or for the information transmitted by the Service Users to each other. All claims arising from communication between users via the Service are presented by them to each other personally, without the mediation of the Service Owner.
9. The User is warned that disabling cookies in the browser settings may cause the Service to operate incorrectly.
10. In the event that the User provides false information or information that violates the law, or any violation by the User of their obligations, representations and warranties of this Agreement, as well as the Rules of Conduct, the Service Owner has the right, at its own discretion, depending on the severity of the violation, to restrict access to the Service and its use, block or delete the User's account.
11. The Party that has violated the obligations, representations and warranties provided in accordance with this Agreement shall compensate the other Party for losses in the amount of the actual damage caused by such violation.
12. If, as a result of the User's violation of the assurances and guarantees, the Service Owner is issued an administrative fine or other measures of property liability are applied, the User shall reimburse the Service Owner for the specified losses in full, and shall also compensate for all damages in the amount of actual damage.
13. In other cases, the Parties shall be liable for the performance and non-performance of obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation.

## 10. Term and validity of the Agreement#
1. This Agreement shall enter into force upon the User's access to it and shall remain valid for the entire period of the User's access to the Service and use of its functionality. The Agreement shall remain in effect in connection with all future changes and updates to the Service. The terms of this Agreement may be changed unilaterally by the Service Owner.
2. The Agreement may be terminated early. The User has the right to unilaterally refuse to perform the Agreement by sending a request to the Owner to delete his account in the Service. The corresponding request shall be considered within 10 days.
3. The Service Owner has the right to unilaterally, by notifying the User, terminate the User's access to the Service by suspending, blocking, or deleting his account in the event that the User violates the provided guarantees, obligations, prohibitions, and mandatory requirements stipulated by this Agreement.
4. From the moment the account is deleted, it becomes impossible to restore the account and the information contained therein. The User confirms that he/she is informed and understands the fact that if the User has deleted an account, then such account is deleted permanently and cannot be restored.

## 11. Disputes and disagreements
1. All disputes and disagreements arising between the Parties in connection with the execution of this Agreement shall be resolved through negotiations.
2. When executing and interpreting the terms of the Agreement, the Parties shall apply Russian law.
3. A dispute not resolved through negotiations shall be considered by a competent court at the location of the Service Owner. The applicable law is the law of the Russian Federation.
4. Before applying to the court, the relevant Party shall send a pre-trial claim to the other Party, the response period for which is set at 20 calendar days from the date of its receipt.

## 12. Interaction of the Parties
1. The Parties acknowledge the exchange of emails and messages in the Service account, via email channels and other means of communication agreed upon by the Parties as having legal force and equivalent to the exchange of documents with handwritten signatures. The interaction of the Parties to this Agreement is conducted in Russian.
2. This Agreement is concluded by the User’s accession to the terms of the Agreement in full by performing the actions provided for in paragraph 3 of Section 1 of this Agreement.
3. Claims, reasoned refusals, objections and notifications are sent to the Service Owner by email at help@rulet.tv
4. The User agrees to receive advertising and informational messages from the Service Owner via the contact information specified during registration and in the Service’s section about the company.